MongoAdmin : GUI-Interface for MongoDB

Group Memebers: 
1) Sandesh Bhujbal (12203)
2) Jayashri Dhamal (12206)

Project Guide: Prof. Nitin Patil


Directory contents:
1) project Directory: which contents the source code of the project, place this directory in your web directory as it is to run it.
2) project_backup_with_comments: this directory also contents the source code but with some comments and extra code for explanation.
3) Installation: This directory contains the source code and the steps for installation of php, apache and mongodb using source code.
	It also conains the steps for making connectivity between mongodb and php.


Installation and connectivity:

1) You have to first install mongodb, php, apache either by source code or dirctly user system's installation.
2) Steps for installation of php, apache, mongodb using source code are mentioned in attached folder named Installation.
3) You have to make connection between php and mongodb by using driver, find steps in Installation directory.

Using Project:
1) After completing installtion, put "project" directory which contains the code for project in your web directory.
   (/var/www/ when using systems installtion and htdocs when using manual installation.)
2) In browser type: localhost/project/index.php


Project Scope:
We have covered the following concepts in the project:

1) Provides Support for All Basic CRUD Operations.
2) Add/Delete Database, Collections, Records.
3) Searching, Sorting.
4) Pagination of Records.
5) Display only Specific Required Keys.
6) User can Directly write Shell Queries (Limited).
	Find, update, insert, remove, sort, limit, skip, count 
7) User Management-
	Add or Delete Users of Database.
	Login with specific Users.

Limitations:

1) For Searching, Updation of Records user should have the knowledge of JSON Format.
2) Query Processing Doesn’t support all Queries.

Future Enhancements: 
1) Use of Ajax
2) Handling of all Errors.
3) Support For all Query Processing.
4) Support for Advanced Features like,
	Indexing, Map/Reduce, Storing Big Data
	Sharding
	Replication
   (In this project multiple instances of the same server can be started with different configurations.)
5) Import/Export of Databases.
